readme.md, before:

**Installing with CurseForge (Recommended for Beginners)**

1. Install CurseForge via https://www.curseforge.com/download/app **CHOOSE STANDALONE**

2. Go through the CurseForge setup normally. Log in/Sign up with whatever email you prefer.

3. Once logged in, **install Minecraft. Choose Standard Version.**

4. Once Minecraft inside CurseForge is installed, press **import** in the top left and put in this profile code: **IImK8MN1**
   
5. Once your profile is loaded with the mods, press play!
   
**NOTE: DO NOT PRESS ANY BUTTONS EXCEPT PLAY INSIDE THE MODPACK TO AVOID ISSUES**

6. Once you are on the main menu of Minecraft, select Multiplayer and select Add Server. For name, name it whatever name you would like. **For the server address, please contact Brock for security purposes.**

7. Once you add the server, if Brock is currently hosting it, you should be able to join! Enjoy!<br><br>

**Installing Manually (Not recommended for beginners)**

1. Either download **Mods.zip** or grab a specific file needed out of the **Mods folder** for your own modloader.
<br><br>

**FOR SHADERS**

1. Once you are on the main menu of Minecraft, **press Options, Video Settings, and then Shaders**. Once you are inside shaders, select your desired shader and press **apply**. Wait a couple of seconds, as it will be changing many visual things. Press **done**.

2. Try launching into the Server again, and you should have your desired shader on now! Enjoy!

Commit message:

Adding the beta profile code and updating the main profile code

readme.md, after:

**Installing with CurseForge (Recommended for Beginners)**

1. Install CurseForge via https://www.curseforge.com/download/app **CHOOSE STANDALONE**

2. Go through the CurseForge setup normally. Log in/Sign up with whatever email you prefer.

3. Once logged in, **install Minecraft. Choose Standard Version.**

4. Once Minecraft inside CurseForge is installed, press **import** in the top left and put in this profile code: **-Lbwvqfi**
   
5. Once your profile is loaded with the mods, press play!
   
**NOTE: DO NOT PRESS ANY BUTTONS EXCEPT PLAY INSIDE THE MODPACK TO AVOID ISSUES**

6. Once you are on the main menu of Minecraft, select Multiplayer and select Add Server. For name, name it whatever name you would like. **For the server address, please contact Brock for security purposes.**

7. Once you add the server, if Brock is currently hosting it, you should be able to join! Enjoy!<br><br>

**Installing Manually (Not recommended for beginners)**

1. Either download **Mods.zip** or grab a specific file needed out of the **Mods folder** for your own modloader.
<br><br>

**FOR SHADERS**

1. Once you are on the main menu of Minecraft, **press Options, Video Settings, and then Shaders**. Once you are inside shaders, select your desired shader and press **apply**. Wait a couple of seconds, as it will be changing many visual things. Press **done**.

2. Try launching into the Server again, and you should have your desired shader on now! Enjoy!

**BETA CODE**
1. To access the beta, press **import** in the top left in CurseForge and put in this profile code: **tHJlA050**
2. You will need to get in contact with Brock if you are hoping to test the Beta server, as it will only be up on request.
